0	what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
0	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
1	a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
1	a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
1	drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
1	what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever .
1	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .
0	there is no insight into the anguish of heidi's life -- only a depiction of pain , today's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .
1	although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
1	enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
1	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
1	melodrama with a message .
0	a wordy wisp of a comedy .
0	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
0	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
1	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
0	at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
1	while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire .
0	only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm .
0	it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
1	vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
0	what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
1	implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
1	what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
0	like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ?
0	supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
0	i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .
0	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video .
0	the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult .
0	it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
1	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
0	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring .
0	it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
1	you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
0	sluggish , tonally uneven .
0	does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
1	has its share of arresting images .
1	while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
0	flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
0	never comes together as a coherent whole .
1	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
0	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
1	an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
1	 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
0	a well-acted , but one-note film .
1	 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
0	dreary tale of middle-class angst
1	not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
0	some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
1	immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
0	every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
1	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
0	the film's center will not hold .
0	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
0	somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
0	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through .
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
1	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted .
0	eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants .
0	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
1	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
1	throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick .
1	the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .
0	barely gets off the ground .
1	serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
1	this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back .
0	coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
1	to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much .
1	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
0	producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
0	contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
0	a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
1	displaying about equal amounts of naivet, passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
0	a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes .
1	son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
1	a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
0	 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
0	predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
0	a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
1	nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
1	an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
1	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
1	the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
1	this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
0	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
0	tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club .
0	not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
0	it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
1	the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
0	a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending .
0	this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
0	all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
0	 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
0	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
1	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .
1	effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
1	now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
1	mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek .
0	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
1	as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games .
1	if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers .
1	a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
1	the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
0	too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
1	this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
1	the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals .
1	it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
0	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
0	you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
0	the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
0	[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
0	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .
0	it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it .
1	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
1	the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
1	seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
1	coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
1	one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
0	after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price .
0	it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will .
1	watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
1	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book .
0	the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
1	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
1	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
1	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
0	with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clich閟 .
1	stephen earnhart's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
1	read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
1	it's not life-affirming ?its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
0	an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
1	even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
0	black-and-white and unrealistic .
1	 . . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology .
1	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
0	it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
1	going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
1	ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
1	the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
0	final verdict : you've seen it all before .
0	once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
1	the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
1	my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back .
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material .
1	on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
0	what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy .
0	this u-boat doesn't have a captain .
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere .
1	the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment .
0	an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
1	a solidly seaworthy chiller .
1	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .
1	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
0	are monsters born , or made ?
1	many insightful moments .
1	it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
1	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
1	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
1	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
1	if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
0	 . . . a pretentious mess . . .
0	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
1	richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
1	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here .
0	claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
1	the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
1	the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
0	ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
1	salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
1	 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere .
0	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0	'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
0	as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
0	no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
0	a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
1	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
1	kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
0	if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
1	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
1	 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
0	everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
1	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .
0	take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
0	nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
1	superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
1	it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
1	it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
1	old-form moviemaking at its best .
1	it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
1	a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
1	see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
1	a winning and wildly fascinating work .
1	significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition .
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
0	with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful .
0	the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
1	some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
0	one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful .
1	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
1	the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
1	it's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
0	 ( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's .
1	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing .
1	this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
1	good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .
0	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
0	feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
0	simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say .
0	enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting .
0	kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
0	well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) .
1	you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable .
0	acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
0	a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
0	given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much .
1	it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
1	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
0	doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
1	compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .
1	this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
0	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
1	it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
0	couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
0	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style .
0	hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing .
1	what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
0	the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
0	it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
1	beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour .
1	zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
0	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
0	a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right .
1	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
0	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
1	an enthralling , entertaining feature .
1	the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert .
1	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
0	a thriller without a lot of thrills .
0	birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
1	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
0	velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
1	 . . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
1	it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
1	at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
0	frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes .
1	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
0	adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
0	 . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
1	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .
1	it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
1	all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .
0	deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
1	the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
0	places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
1	with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , h閘鑞e angel is definitely a director to watch .
1	director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
1	with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
0	but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative .
1	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
1	the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
1	it's a count for our times .
1	twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
0	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
0	 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford .
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
1	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
0	shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
0	a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
1	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
1	the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
0	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
1	this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
0	'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .
0	falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny .
0	simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
0	tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
0	the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
1	a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
0	this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
0	 . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
1	imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
1	although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
1	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
1	it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
1	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
1	they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment .
0	at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
1	you live the mood rather than savour the story .
0	even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
0	when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w .
0	an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .
1	a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
1	not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .
1	while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
1	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces .
0	like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
0	a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
1	renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else .
1	 . . . an interesting slice of history .
0	[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
0	because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling .
0	slap me , i saw this movie .
1	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .
0	impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
0	the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
1	an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
0	although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league .
1	in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
0	rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the na飂's encounter with the world .
0	 . . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
0	the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
0	i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then .
1	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
0	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
0	there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
0	yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
1	the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
1	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
1	witless but watchable .
1	the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
0	this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age .
1	a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
0	beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
1	mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
0	one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
0	 . . . really horrible drek .
1	 . . . a solid , unassuming drama .
1	'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
1	the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke .
0	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
0	la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , r醦idamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
0	execrable .
0	has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd .
1	it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
1	the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
1	cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
1	for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
1	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
1	the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year .
1	star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
0	i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers .
1	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
0	its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
0	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
0	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
0	it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
1	is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet .
1	a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
0	a coarse and stupid gross-out .
0	sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
0	the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
1	the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
0	long time dead ? not nearly long enough .
1	a moving , if uneven , success .
1	as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
1	secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
1	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
0	you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
1	 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
0	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
0	with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here .
0	not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
0	perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
1	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . .
0	crikey indeed .
0	credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
0	a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
0	after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clich閟 , depression and bad alternative music .
1	if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
1	the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
1	an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
0	tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple ?he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better .
1	it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
1	baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
0	one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia .
0	phoned-in business as usual .
0	the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
0	given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
0	such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
1	lightweight but appealing .
1	though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
1	may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
1	 . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
0	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
1	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
0	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources ?good sources , bad mixture
1	sweet and memorable film .
1	campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
0	schindler's list it ain't .
1	twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career .
0	parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
1	vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
1	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
1	crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
1	 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
1	brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
1	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
0	verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
0	the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work .
0	the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
0	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
0	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
1	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
1	this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
1	maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
0	[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
0	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play .
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
1	if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .
0	when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
0	an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
1	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time .
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
0	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
0	plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has .
1	so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed .
1	a lovely film for the holiday season .
0	if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
1	very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
1	nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
0	deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered .
0	highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
1	the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
1	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
0	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
1	call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
0	a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
0	devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
0	being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
0	the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
0	oozes condescension from every pore .
0	the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
0	call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
0	 . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . .
0	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
0	could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence .
0	it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us .
0	starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
1	the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
1	as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
0	the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
0	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
0	shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
0	 . . . the movie is just a plain old monster .
0	tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
0	every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie !
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point .
0	there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
1	hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project .
1	both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
0	an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
0	does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
1	genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love .
0	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
1	we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again .
1	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film .
1	the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
1	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
1	as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
0	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge .
0	maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . "
0	 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
1	there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
0	sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
1	the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
1	more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
1	an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
1	 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
1	this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
0	any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
0	sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light .
1	a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
0	to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation .
1	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .
1	i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
1	 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
1	contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well .
0	dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
1	[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
0	aggravating and tedious .
0	offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen .
1	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .
1	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
1	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell .
1	in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
1	[a] satisfying niblet .
0	the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .
1	a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
0	 . . . think of it as american pie on valium .
0	no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
0	it drowns in sap .
0	expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
0	it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
0	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
0	the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
0	the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .
0	there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
0	comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
1	easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
1	 . . . wise and elegiac . . .
1	the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
0	it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating .
1	chicago pode at?ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como ?) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na dire玢o contr醨ia ?evolu玢o dos musicais .
1	baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
1	although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
0	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
1	qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
1	this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
1	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
1	as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
0	the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .
1	a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
1	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
1	in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .
0	there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
1	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
0	extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it .
0	a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
1	features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
0	for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
1	psychologically savvy .
1	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
1	further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil .
0	i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
1	with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
0	just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
1	it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .
0	[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
1	[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass .
0	a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
1	mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
1	hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
0	fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
0	this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
1	a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out .
1	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
0	the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
0	tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
1	grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters .
0	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
1	abderrahmane sissako's heremakono ( waiting for happiness ) is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
0	an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
1	it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
1	well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
0	there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes .
1	a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother .
1	the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
0	i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
1	irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
0	yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
1	the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold .
0	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
0	what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
0	pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
1	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
0	marinated in clich閟 and mawkish dialogue .
0	ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
1	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
1	a gentle and engrossing character study .
1	hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
1	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . .
1	meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .
1	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
0	gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
0	a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
1	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
1	a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
0	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
0	succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
1	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
1	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
